we are now in the mor of Al AKA Hospital
which is the main Central Hospital in
darel balah what we can see right now
here is that more buddies are lined on
the ground as they did not find any
place for them inside the refrigerators
in this smog in order to be kept inside
as today earlier at least 30
Palestinians have arrived to the al- AKA
hospital as dead bodies we can see
families now are remaining beside the
bodies of their beloved one we can see
bodies of elderly people women children
who till now do not have even a proper
burial some of them are still
unidentified due to the mass scale
destruction and attacks being carried
out by the Israeli military now the
capacity of this smog is shortly limited
as it cannot take more than 10 bodies is
and that's absolutely terrifying in
light of the uh ongoing Israeli military
campaign the unprecedented scale of
death among civilians in the central
area as the hospital is struggling to
keep operating a light of the deep
shortage of fuel and B outages in the
entire area tab bazo aler G bah
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from aler